outrageous
You nobody
What qualifications do you have to comment?
So arrogant
Although he is threatening everyone
But he is so handsome.
I love it.
This gentleman
Although you just became our Chamber of Commerce
Premium Member
But if you're here on purpose
Our Chamber of Commerce also does not welcome your trouble.
How did the fairy tale come about tonight?
You all know that.
And I didn't break the rules.
Nine billion cents is not at home
Although you have the Supreme Hell Dragon Card
Very noble
But you deliberately disrupted the auction scene
Affect the experience of other bidders
With all due respect
Your behavior is very inferior.
Experts bought this product in a bad way
Since there is a wrong shot
Then we don't have to follow the rules.
outrageous
The Guan family's style of doing things is up to you to comment
Besides, this auction is a free auction
The highest bidder gets
Who doesn't know that my Star Moon Fairy Tale follow-up Zhou Yi is infinite
You don't let everyone auction it yourself, you want to poison it
Then you are the enemy
You have to understand it this way
No problem.
Star and Moon
I want anyone else who dares to come forward and buy a price to kill shameless